Extensive reorg/expansion of workspaces and runs sections (#1078)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/workspaces/state.html.md

---
layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Terraform State - Workspaces - Terraform Cloud"
---

# Terraform State in Terraform Cloud

> -> **API:** See the [State Versions API](../api/state-versions.html).

Reviewer: Remove or move to bottom of section?

Author: (tabling for holistic discussion later)

Each Terraform Cloud workspace has its own separate state data, used for runs within that workspace.

In [remote runs](../run/index.html), Terraform Cloud automatically configures Terraform to use the workspace's state; the Terraform configuration does not need an explicit backend configuration. (If a backend configuration is present, it will be overridden.) In local runs, you can use a workspace's state by configuring [the `remote` backend](/docs/backends/types/remote.html).

## State Versions

> In addition to the current state, Terraform Cloud retains historical _state versions,_ which can be used to analyze infrastructure changes over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the current state, Terraform Cloud retains historical state versions, which can be used to analyze infrastructure changes over time.
```

Author: Yeah, I guess that doesn't need to be introduced as a vocab term. My own version of Gravitas Caps. 😰

You can view a workspace's state versions from its "States" tab. Each state in the list indicates which run and which VCS commit (if applicable) it was associated with. Click a state in the list for more details, including a diff against the previous state and a link to the raw state file.

## Cross-Workspace State Access

In your Terraform configurations, you can use a [`terraform_remote_state` data source](/docs/providers/terraform/d/remote_state.html) to access [outputs](/docs/configuration/outputs.html) from your other workspaces.

~> **Important:** A given workspace can only access state data from within the same organization. If you plan to use multiple Terraform Cloud organizations, make sure to keep related groups of workspaces together in the same organization.

> To configure a data source for a Terraform Cloud workspace, set the `backend` argument to `remote` and specify the organization and workspace in the `config` argument.

Reviewer: Is this the config argument of the state file? Maybe specify. As a noob at first I thought it was some other way to configure a terraform workspace.

Author: The `config` argument of the data source, like shown below. Let's see, how about,

```suggestion
To configure a data source that references a Terraform Cloud workspace, set the data source's `backend` argument to `remote` and specify the organization and workspace in the `config` argument.
```
